So for our map call component, in order for it to render out this version of what we want in the map
call out component, we could create an entire custom view.
Now I'm going to create a shared view called compact restaurant info, because at the end of the day,
what we want to achieve here is reusability.
And this is a component that we will end up reusing in the favors feature that we're going to build
later on.
So just think of it as if I was building all of the information in here.
And so compact restaurant info takes in restaurant as a parameter.
And with that, we can now import the.
Compact restaurant info.
And we're going to do it from thoughts, our thoughts, thoughts, components, restaurant.
So in the core components, we're going to create a folder called Restaurant, and then inside of that
folder we're going to create a file called Compact.
Restaurant info, dot component dojos, and so this is going to be the component that is actually going
to contain the information that we want.
So we're going to import, react from react, and then we're going to do a bunch of different imports.
But first of all, let's let's export our compact image.
And what we're going to do inside of here is we're going to return a touchable opacity, so we're going
to make this a touchable component.
Well, actually, right now we don't need the touchable opacity.
So let's just focus on the raw, compact views that we need.
So let's import style from styled components native and let's create three components.
So I want a compact image.
I want a compact image and a compact item, so these two elements are what's going to provide me with
the compact view now in our render function, what we want to do is we want to render out item and we
want to render out the compact image.
So we'll take compact image.
And then what else we'll need is we'll need to import text, so let's import text from Thout typography
text and so with text, what we're going to render out is the restaurant name.
So let's do that and for compact image, we're going to say that the source is equal to the U.
Or I of restaurant that photos zero.
And so this will allow us to basically render out the entire compact item inside of the compact item
view area.
Now, inside of our map call out components, we have a error here, I believe.
No, this is not an error.
The air cannot be dismissed, so let's quickly restart XPO, sometimes that can happen and let's load
the local meals to go and so unable to resolve all those components slashed restaurant.
And then we, of course, we need to add compact restaurant info component and then we'll reload.
And so what we'll see on our restaurant screen here or our Matthew screen, rather, is when we click,
this will be able to see our contact info.
And if you're seeing an overlap, one clicking one of the markers, it is because you are not zoomed
in close enough to tap the ones that are close to each other.
So here we're seeing that we're able to click and see the information with the call out for the specific
restaurant.
What is it looking like on Android, though?
So let's go look at Android if we go over to our map for you and we press on our composite image.
Well, it's not showing anything.
And this has to do with another difference between Android and iOS.
Specifically with the map you call out, there is currently an issue where the initial render of the
image component inside of the map will not resolve the image correctly.
And so a way around this is to use the react native web view.
And so the Riak native Web view, if we go to Expo and we search for Westview is a.
Component that we can install by doing XPO, install, react native web view, it basically renders
a page, so to speak, like like if you were to go to a browser, it's rendering a Web page.
So we're going to render a Web page instead of an image component because that tends to work better
on Android and we're going to do it specifically for Android.
So let's go into our component code here.
And if we go into the terminal and we go to this one, we can do XPO install, react native web view.
And as we do that, what we'll do is we'll start building out the code that is required for this.
So we'll import what view from Riak native view.
That's the first thing we'll do.
And then we'll going to create a compact web view as well as a compact image, that's going to look
exactly the same, but it's going to wrap the web you.
And so inside of our component, we're going to do a quick check on platform, so let's import platform.
From React native, and so what we can see over here outside of their end, their function is CONSED
is Android and will do platform dot OS is equal to Android.
And by doing this, what will be able to do inside of here is determine what the image will be.
Consed image is, is Android questionmark.
So if we are Android, we'll take the compact Westview.
Otherwise, we'll take the compact image.
And with that, we'll be able to render out the correct image, so we'll use image over here.
And so now we're swapping between the wet view and the image for Android and iOS.
So let's quickly go over here and.
Check what's rendering inside of the mafia of us, so if we go to iOS, it's still rendering out the
image and it's using the image itself.
And on Android, what it should be doing is it should be rendering out the actual.
Westview, so let's go over here and let's just quickly restart the app.
Because EXPL was crashing too many refreshers.
So if we start up XPO and then we go in to the app once it's ready to load.
We're going to see over here is that in our terminal, we won't we shouldn't have any issues.
For The View.
If we scroll all the way down to the bottom and now it's loading up San Francisco's restaurants and
once those come in and so now that we're on the map, you and it's rendered out all of the markers,
if we open out the call outs where you can see is that it's now properly rendering out the images for
the different restaurants.
And this is because it's rendering inside of the compact.
Westview So it's important to note that certain packages in certain libraries may run into issues when
trying to render out the image.
And this may have been very well an issue you ran into as you were doing the implementation.
It's important to note that these types of issues are not uncommon and can occur where something works
in iOS but doesn't quite work in Android.
The same was true for the spacer component and now the same is true for the image component inside of
the call, out of the mapu marker.
So very strange issue, yet very important that we understand the differences and the limitations of
certain libraries between the two platforms.
And so now we have a very similar user experience between both the actual Android map and the iOS map.
In the next video, we'll look at how to put an unclick handler to make the restaurants go to their
subsequent detailed screen.